Update Twitter Documentation to Mention API pricing (#208)
quackduck/devzat: README.md

## Integrations

> When self-hosting an instance, Devzat can integrate with Slack and/or Discord to bridge messages, and use the X social-meida platform to post new-user announcements (now requires payment). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When self-hosting an instance, Devzat can integrate with Slack and/or Discord to bridge messages, and Twitter to post new-user announcements.
```
We don't need to say that it requires payment here. It feels awkward to place that in an intro to the integrations.
